documentation improvements for user settings (#1904)
SAP/luigi: docs/user-settings.md

Each `userSettingGroup` could have the following meta data:

```javascript
settings:{
...
},
navigation:{
...
},
userSettings:{
  userSettingGroups:{
    account: {
      label: 'Account',
      sublabel: 'account',
      icon: 'account',
      title: 'Account Settings',
      settings: {
        name: { type: 'string', label: 'Name' , isEditable: true},
        checkbox: { type: 'boolean', label: 'Checkbox', isEditable: true },
        enum:
          {
            type: 'enum',
            label: 'Label',
            options: ['option1', 'option2', 'option3', 'option3'],
            description: 'Description'
          },
          enum2:
          {
            type: 'enum',
            label: 'Label',
            options: ['option1', 'option2'],
            style: 'button',
            description: 'Description'
          }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

#### label
- **type** string (optional)

> - **description** defines the label for the left navigation entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description** defines the label for the left-side navigation entry.
```

#### sublabel
- **type** string (optional)

> - **description** defines the subleable for the left navigation entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description** defines the sublabel for the left navigation entry.
```

#### icon
- **type** string (optional)
- **description** name of the icon, without the `sap-icon--` prefix or path to an image.
#### title
- **type** string (optional)

> - **description** title of the user settings group. It will be displayed as header in the editor area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description** title of the user settings group. It will be displayed as a header in the editor area.
```

#### viewURL
- **type** string (optional)

> - **description** points to a custom micro frontend. It is possible to not use Luigi`s user settings editor instead you can write an own editor micro frontend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **description** points to a custom micro frontend. It is possible to not use Luigi's user settings editor. Instead, you can [write your own](#write-a-custom-editor) editor micro frontend.
```

> In that case the micro frontend will be displayed in the editor area.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In that case, the micro frontend will be displayed in the editor area.
```

#### settings
- **type** object (optional)
- **description** has objects of settings for the corresponding user group. 
`Key` of each setting object will be the key in the stored user settings with the corresponding value.

> Following attributes to define a setting objects are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The attributes to define a setting objects are:
```

- **attributes**

>   - **type** (mandatory) is a string and defines the data type of this setting. It could be `string`, `boolean` or `enum`. If data type `string` is defined, an input field will be rendered in the editor area. If this property is set to `boolean` a switcher will be rendered. If `enum` type is set it will be rendered a dropdown by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **type** (mandatory) is a string and defines the data type of this setting. It could be `string`, `boolean` or `enum`. If data type `string` is defined, an input field will be rendered in the editor area. If this property is set to `boolean`, a switcher will be rendered. If `enum` type is set, it will be rendered as a dropdown by default.
```

>   It is possible to define the style how boolean and enum are generated, see `style` attribute.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  It is possible to define the style of how `boolean` and `enum` are generated, see `style` attribute.
```

  - **label** (optional) is a string and the label of the setting.
  - **isEditable** (optional) is a boolean and by default `true`. If it is set to `false` the setting is not editable.
  - **style** (optional) is a string and can be defined for the data types `boolean` and `enum`. Boolean will be rendered as switcher by default and it can be changed to `checkbox`. Enum will be rendered as dropdown by default and it can be changed to `button`, which means it will be rendered as a `segmented button`. 

>   - **options** is a array of options. It is mandatory and neccessary if the data type is `enum`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **options** is an array of options. It is mandatory and necessary if the data type is `enum`.
```
